the burden of the word of the Lord
against the land of Heydrich and
place for the eyes of men and all the
tribes of Israel are on the Lord also
against Haman which borders on it and
against tyre and sidon though they are
very wise for tyre built herself a tower
heaped up silver like the dust and gold
like the mire of the streets behold the
Lord will cast her out he will destroy
her power in the sea and she will be
devoured by fire Ashkelon shall see it
and fear Gaza also shall be very
sorrowful and eccrine for he dried up
her expectation the king shall perish
from Gaza and Ashkelon shall not be
inhabited a mixed race shall settle in
Ashton and I will cut off the pride of
the Philistines I will take away the
blood from his mouth and the
abominations from between his teeth but
he who remains even he shall be for our
God and shall be like a leader in Judah
and there Crum like a Jebusite I will
camp around my house because of the army
because of him who passes by and him who
returns no more shall an oppressor past
for now I have seen with my eyes who
rejoice greatly o daughter of Zion shout
o daughter of Jerusalem behold your king
is coming to you he is just and having
salvation lowly and riding on a donkey a
Colt the foal of a donkey I will cut off
the chariot from Ephraim and the horse
from Jerusalem the battle bone shall be
cut off he shall speak peace to the
nation's his Dominion shall be from sea
to sea and from the river to the ends of
the earth as for you also because of the
blood of your covenant I will set your
prisoners free from the waterless pit
return to the stronghold mule prisoners
of hope even today I declare that I will
restore double to you for I have bent
Judah my bow fitted the bow with afraid
and raised up your son's Ozai
against your son who spoke Greece and
made you like the sword of a mighty man
then the Lord will be seen over them and
his arrow will go forth like lightning
the Lord God will blow the trumpet and
go with aural winds from the south the
Lord of hosts will defend them they
shall devour and subdue with sling
stones they shall drink and roar as if
with wine they shall be filled with
blood like bases like the corners of the
altar the Lord their God will save them
in that day as the flock of his people
for they shall be like the jewels of a
crown lifted like a banner over his land
for how great is its goodness and how
great its beauty grain shall make the
young men thrive and new wine the young
women
[Music]